The Joe Rogan experience.
I want to talk to you about the story of the crystal skulls themselves,
cause there's this strange sort of a folklore attached to them.
And then there's a lot of people that believe that it's all horseshit and that
these were created by modern people and buried underground in order to
my understanding.
Of it. Uh, is there you go? Yeah, indeed. That's just as the citrus model,
the crystal driver, um, there were 13 heads and, uh,
and it was reported that the Navajo, the Anasazi, the Mayans,
the Aztec ha each had one, uh, the most famous one is the, uh,
the Mitchell hedges skull,
which was found in the Yucatan by Anna Mitchell hedges. He reached into a cave.
She was with her grandfather and was around 1926 and she reached in and there
was an oil cloth covered, uh,
item in there and she pulled it out and opened it up.
And there was the two piece detachable jaw, Mitchell hedges, skull,
beautiful sculpture.
The Hewlett Packard engineers did a test on it in the sixties.
They said it could not have been carved by a lapidary by my
tools. It had to have been polished over hundreds of years over, uh,
over centuries to get to the shape that it was.
So they said it was a polished item. Uh, let's see.
There's the Mitchell had just called the Phyllis Newman skull and named max.
She says.
Later decided by some people, but this was not.
I'm going to, I'm going to exactly get to that point because of course it's,
it's important. It doesn't affect my business, whether they're fake or not.
These were beautiful artifacts and we've recreated it beautifully,
but it's nice to know the true story. And I,
I have a kind of a thought on the theory either way.
So there's the Phyllis Newman skull named max.
She has to put it in the closet cause it talks to her. There's one hit.
The brakes, hit the brakes, a bunch of you. You're an excellent talker, sir. Uh.
Well, I, you know, I was inoculated with a gramophone needle at birth.
I could talk a taxi dispatcher and a vow of silence.
I could talk an air raid siren to scrap.
And you're obviously Canadian. Cause you said slag. Yeah,
I see Canadian gal. She loved the tall, well.
That's another tangent Canadian gals and Canadian guys. Uh,
so the Philip Newman, Newman, skull, she, she got it's name is max.
She has to put it in the closet because it talks to her. She said,
so this is the Mitchell hedges. Yes she does. Phyllis has that one.
Then there's the, uh, there's is the Mitchell hedges skull that's in Indiana.
Um, the woman, the man that took care of Anna at the end of her life, uh,
eventually had it and got it. Uh, it sat in Grafton,
Ontario for many years and I never saw it,
but people said when they walked into the room and she covered it with the
cloth, she kept it in that, uh,
there was an immediate feeling of well-being and healing coming over to look at
the, at the original Mitchell. How just skull there's one in Mexico city.
It's one of like one of our minis.
It's got a cross stuck right in the top of it, which is, you know,
that would shatter crystal if you did that, how that cross got there?
I don't know. Um, there are, uh, there's one at the Smithsonian in Washington,
uh, two at the Smithsonian, Washington DC,
and one at the Victoria and Albert museum. So, uh, that's,
that's supposed to be eight that we have in five that we're missing. Um,
the woman that Smithsonian who has the two there, I think it's,
they're a cloudy orange one and a cloudy green one on their smaller.
She says they're all fakes that they were carved by a German lapidary in the 18
hundreds and that he seated them around the world. Well, wait a minute.
I think one was found in Tibet. One was found in Ohio,
we're hearing at the serpent mountains.
Why does she think this one gentleman did.
He, because he was an expert lapidary he had the tools to do it.
And she figures her theory is that they're not artifacts polished by tribal,
uh, hands and passed down that they're all fakes, but it's just wait a minute.
He would have had to have without an Airship to go and deposit these wherever
they might be around the world. Um, and uh,
you can get the pictures of the skulls up to Smithsonian crystal heads, uh, and,
uh, soleus crystal had, you can get in Victoria, Albert, crystal head, do.
They all have the same similar type of markings, right?
There's the there's there's uh, yes. Yes they do. They do.
They all have the same. Now you see, some of them are more, um, are clearer.
See, there's one at the, uh, the, the, uh, the British museum.
And there's some that are clear and they're more beautiful.
And there's some that are refer like that one there and the,
and the green and the orange one, but she says all fakes.
But if they're all fixed,
how did they get to these different places around the world?
And how were they found? Well.
Here's the, here's the thing, but what,
why fake the word fake is very strange because it's like,
they are certainly real carved crystal skulls.
So where are they from tribal ancestry? That's the question.
Is the question who made the modern Western anyhow.
Were they polished or were they carved?
That's the thing aren't they beautiful old guy.
What did the indigenous people say? They said they found them.
But Jose, they came from the star children that they,
they were brought down and deposited and given to them as crystal ball devices,
scrying devices.
Too. The one down there,
Jamie keeps scrolling where you were the one on the left right there.
That looks more, almost like a real skull, right?
Oh yeah. No, the green is beautiful. So, so I guess, I don't know.
I'm not a scientist. I'm not a professional historian.
I guess I have to trust the lady at the Smithsonian, but then I questioned,
they were found at different times in history, around the world.
How do you go and seed how you deposit them there?
Why does she believe that?
Has she given a coherent reason why she thinks that they're all hoaxes?
Yes, she's done her analysis, whatever they've done, you know,
to through their skulls. But again,
the Hewlett Packard engineers took that Mitchell had just skull and they,
they said this cannot be, have not been polished.
It would have been cracked or destroyed. It could not have been built by tools.
It would have been cracked or destroyed it. It had to have been polished. Hmm.
Yeah. So.
But what about some sort of a, uh,
very fast moving drill with a diamond bid on it that can slowly grind
down? Well, that.
Would be, then that would be them. There'd be marks that would be visible, uh,
under, under the scanner they put.
Couldn't you Polish those marks down. I don't.
I think that the intensity of this,
of the Hewlett Packard scrutiny revealed that there were none of those marks and
that's why they were able.
To make their claims. Here's the problem with is like, you want them.
To be real, right? Don't you? Oh yeah.
I do too. I do too, but I don't trust me. So neither do I.
So when you're saying all these things, I want to believe you. I want,
I want them to be from the sky people.
I do too. But again, you know,
you've got a professional in Washington at our national museum there who says,
no.
They're not, but what does she know? Well, we could forget her name.
We should get her the, get her on the phone. It might be a party pooper. Well,
I.
Think that she's probably as in LA and in love with the skulls,
even though they are, you know, not polished it in her mind.
I bet she loves him as much as we do.
But the thing is,
if you are a professional intellectual or someone as a curator of, you know,
fine artwork and ancient relics,
you kind of have to be one of those people that dismisses anything preposterous.
Because if not like Neil Tyson, don't you love him. Yes. I love him.
I love Neil love him, but.
There's no way you can sit down and say,
Neil Barney and Betty Hill were abducted by a flying saucer in 1957.
He's not going to accept that because he can't accept that because everything in
his training, everything in his knowledge,
everything that he knows about physics and science and propulsion in the
universe and how to get from place to place defies, um,
the, uh, defies the legend, or I would say defies the theory that there are,
uh, extra terrestrial, advanced ships out there, he can't accept it. It's just,
you know, he, it would be unprofessional for him to say, okay,
there's even a possibility that there were abductions, but.
Barney Hill's story is very interesting, but there's,
there's no real evidence other than their testimony. Is that correct?
Well, uh, there was a stain on Betty's dress. There's her excellent recall.
She was not, he was unconscious on her dress. It's so interesting.
It was a fluid that they used, uh, in, in, in the testing that, uh,
some kind of a fluid of chemical testing that they did. One,
they drew over from her and they drew sperm from him now.
So there's a book out called contact by Stanton Friedman or read that. Yeah.
And Kathleen, yeah. I'd love to know where the car is, where they, the, the,
the Chevy that we're driving or aware of here. I don't know.
I'd have to ask Kathleen where it is. Did they get it ended up in a junk yard?
Cause there were marks on the back of the car as well.
There were trace evidence in the back of the car. You know, Ted Phillips is,
he goes around the world, collecting,
trace out of evidence and radioactive signatures from sightings and, and, uh,
and landings on the back of the car. There was a couple of marks,
but it was Betty's, it's their credibility.
Why would they want to bring this into their lives?
And she was conscious semiconscious through much of it. And, uh, Barney was not,
uh, uh, conscious. He was unconscious.
If you hear the tapes of Ben Simon's interviews with them under hypnosis,
the screaming and the, and the heat was just so frightened and that, and the,
and the Zeta reticular map, when, when a little,
the being Betty looked at the map and,
and the being showed her a map and she was on her way out the door.
And she said, may I take this? And the being was going to give it to her,
but then another one zipped up and said, no, I think I can't have this.
Particular is exactly the same place where Bob Lasar says they found those,
uh, with the spaceships that they have at area or S-corps. Well, the.
Little Zaida particularly Barney and Betty's abduction,
you had Marjorie fish anatomy, amateur astronomer.
She took the memory of Betty's, uh, Betty drew up the star map,
and she did a three-dimensional scale model of,
of that part of the universe and was able to identify Zeta particularly one and
two and accepted by astronomers.
So that map that Betty saw a board of that ship had not been seen on, uh,
on earth before.
He has no history of astronomy. No, no studying it. Nope.
None of it at all. And, and, and, you know,
interesting things like when they got back to the, the house there, uh, there,
there,
the house was open and the keys to the house were in on the table with leaves so
that they might've dropped them at the site. And the beings returned them. Now,
Yuma who had about Hopkins was yes.
He said that since he studied the Linda Cortez case where the woman was floated
out of her apartment, building over the east river and orange or picked her up.
Bud was an artist.
He was a graphic artist. He was a designer, a painter and a lovely man.
And he was one of the first people to start to deal with the trauma of
abductees. He, they, they, he got a reputation for being able to interview them,
hypnotize them,
interview them and get their stories and empathize and sympathize with them.
And he said that in some cases that he studied,
the beings would grab a man from somewhere in America and grab a woman
and out of their cars, out of their clothes, put them up, test them,
draw all about Ross, sperm, fluids, whatever they were doing.
And then the woman would wake up in the man's shoes or a different
car, or almost as if the beings were finished with them.
I don't care where they go. Now I put them, put them back, you know,
that kind of thing. He said, that was the oddest phenomena,
like releasing a trout. Yeah, that's right. Well, that's.
Such a trout.
You can catch a big rainbow trout and your fly fishing and you get a barbless
hook. You know, most people, if you go to Montana, go to the Gallatin river,
shout out to the gala, beautiful, gorgeous place. People catch and release.
Cause they, they appreciate that the trout are there.
They'd rather go by halibut from a store and not eat the fish because they want
this, the salmon to be healthy. They want the trout to be healthy.
So they catch them and then they release them. But if you're a brown, well,
brown trout are invasive. But if you're a SA Euro,
you're a rainbow trout and someone catches you and you know,
they take you on some 200 yard, run down this river.
As they're trying to draw you in,
it's a big nine pound rainbow catch of a lifetime right. Full time.
And some guy pulls it on. It takes pictures of it,
like shows it and then releases it. And then this thing's like,
how the did I get here? What am I doing outside of my universe?
What am I doing in this other dimension of air where I can't breathe? Precisely.
Yeah. Yeah. And that's, that's what I that's catching the lease.
Lease with people. Travis Walton says, you know,
you've got to think of them as just people from over there.
Well, God, the fire in the sky movie was based on,
he's got another interesting story.
That I want people at ability there and credibility with Barney and Betty.
I just don't think they're lying. And I don't think the aerial school, I don't.
Want to think they're lying. This is the problem that I have with it.
I want to believe them, but this is what I want people to consider.
Because most people that are pragmatic,
reasonable people that don't want to be ridiculed.
They look at these stories and then go, oh, come on. People are full of.
And I've been there too. But I want, I want people to imagine that if,
if aliens did a CA occasionally visit earth,
what,
how often do you think this would take place and how it would be very
infrequently? And if it was, if it was happening,
these would be completely unique,
unusual occurrences out of nowhere where someone would come down,
they would do something and they would be leaving the person with this thought
in this memory and this inability to describe it with normal words,
if you were taking a board of spaceship and you were some reptilian beings that
were three feet tall were running experiments on you and you were paralyzed,
and then they released you back on earth. How,
what words do you have available to you to describe this experience in a way
that like, if you tell me, Hey Joe, I, uh, I, uh,
went white water rafting with my kids. It was a great time.
It was so fun. We got to see Eagles and it was, it was gorgeous.
Then we had lunch at this beautiful little cafe. What a great day.
I can envision this experience. I can see it. But if you tell me, Hey man,
we went camping and I woke up and some alien had a finger in my.
Allagash, the Allagash incident. They went camping and they, they were,
they just hear those right. There's hundreds of thousands. And here, this is,
I brought you a book. This is a Bruce Maccabees book.
It's all the headlines from 1950 to 432 reports given.
And I'll address your specific question about people,
how they relate to their experiences and,
and how genuine they feel in a second here,
432 reports given the air force in 1952 on aerial siting ships from other
planet, we've got memory members memos from the government here.
A former army pilot sees flying saucer by daylight. Whatever was cited here,
July 30 stories, fighter pilots at Newcastle,
sail alert for more saucer reports. These are newspaper.
Yeah, that's yours. So newspapers never lie. Well, Bible, if you know that,
well, they never, they never make fake stories. They never talk
pretty.
Reliable. Ralph Blumenthal and Leslie keener reporters for the New York times.
And they've been studying this phenomenon they've report.
We're very credibly on it. I'll tell you how an abductor,
these experiences related.
I attended a lecture at the, uh,
fifth avenue medical Institute in Manhattan with my wife a few years ago.
That would be about 15 years ago. And John Mack was the lecturer. You know,
he wrote the book abduction.
He was the Harvard psychiatrist who wrote a abduction.
You can get that up to abduction, John Mack.
Yes. I've read that as well. And that freaked a friend of mine out.
She was a very pragmatic non UFO believing person. And she came,
we were working together on news radio, my friend, Maura Tierney. And she, uh,
came up to me and she goes like, this book is freaking me the out.
And he wrote a second book as well. Didn't he die in a car accident.
John Mac, I believe he died in a car accident, off a curb in,
um, in, in a, in a small town in England.
And he was struck by a car and three other John max died the same day in
England. So.
So Pete think people were whacking John max cause he to, I don't know, again,
I was, I was at this lecture.
And there were 300 abductor teas there that did some of who we
interviewed with some, some he had not,
but who were there for interested to find out a bit more about their experience.
And one guy got up and said he had one arm.
And I don't know whether that was related.
I don't think it was related to the experience, but he said,
I'm a wall street broker. I'm quite well off. I have a sailboat.
I was in long island sound a few years ago and a blue light hit me.
And I had missing time of about five or six hours.
But in it I have filter filtrated memories of beings addressing me and telling
me that I was powerful and influential and I could help the planet survive.
And they put me back in my ship and I woke up and, and, and, and he said,
I'm waiting for them to come back. I want them to come back.
And I asked the room, I got up. And I said, of all of you who've been taken.
How many of you would,
would want to repeat the experience or have it happen again?
And about half of them said, no, no way. They'd want it to have it.
I have it happen again. And a half said, yeah, we'd like to have half yeah.
Half. Yeah. Yeah. Now I love Bruce too.
And I'm going to give it to you. And it's just got great.
It's got great headlines from the, you know, from the fifties,
which was a massive time for saucers, you know,
that famous photo of the saucers over the, uh, the Capitol, the glowing lights.
And.
See if you can find that photo of July, 1952.
Washington, do you think.
This was initiated by the detonation of the atomic bombs at Hiroshima and
Nagasaki, where they decided, okay, these monkeys are doing some stupid.
We need to go down there and see what's up and see if there's eminent danger to
the cosmos. Let's find out what kind of capabilities they have,
because if you listen to Lasar or if you believe the work of Zechariah Cichon
or any of the people that believe that human beings were engineered,
that there's the,
the reason why this is giant leap between us and the rest of the primates on the
planet is because something came down and manipulated our
genetics. Well, the.
Movie mission to Mars with Tim Robbins, you know, basically it says that,
you know, basically it spits, shows the face on Mars,
and that is one of NASA employees. Favorite movies? Yeah, there they are. Yeah.
1952, a four incident. Thank you very.
Much. Beautiful.
Come on. Let's go here now. Yeah,
that ain't an airplane that ain't a helicopter. Now.
I'm crazy photograph. And it's from 1952. I mean the,
the special effects back then were incredibly crude. No,
this was something that was reported by people.
They've they scrambled jets from, from Andrews for it. And everything.
Was the Phoenix lights. It was the mix lights is fascinating.
Because, you know, um, the five Simonton, the governor said he saw them.
He made fun of it with an alien.
Talked about that afterwards.
He was put on the pressure to do so he's in a movie called what is it? Um,
there's a, there's a documentary on Netflix. It's available that he's in, um,
that he talks about the pressure that they put on him to make light of that
incident. And he talks about his own personal experiences with seeing something,
some sort of triangle-shaped craft that was enormous,
the size of several football fields. It was flying overhead.
That was completely silent and how it freaked him out. But triangle.
The triangle and doubt Delta crafts are very, very interesting, but, uh,
the Tinley park incidents of the, uh, of the eighties, uh, and, uh,
with Sam Aranta was the investigator there from you fund.
These things would park over the family, barbecue for about half an hour.
And you know, families in suburbs were looking up to them,
the sky being blotted out by these things, parking above them.
So I think it comes down to they, I don't think these beings,
I, well,
Lord hill Norton said there were 23 different species visiting the planet in 23
different types of ships.
I don't think they want a formal relationship with people on earth.
They want an informal secret relationship.
I think they probably have one with elements of the,
of black elements of the air force and the government, you know,
David's Sarita is I've heard is David Serena. You should have him on,
he's very knowledgeable about this. Uh, he,
his history is that the Roswell event may have been precipitated by the Trinity
explosion at because it was such an interdimensional disturbance of the atoms
being split. And that explosion that was there was that,
that saucer there that went down in 47 may have,
may have been influenced somehow negatively by, by that explosion. Now,
Stanton Friedman doesn't didn't buy that. I love Stanton.
He just passed away there. He was the expert on Roswell.
I'm upset that I never got to meet him before he died. He was so credible,
interesting guy who believed in UFO's, but believe most people were not,
were lying about them.
Uh, really, really well.
He believed that there was a lot of horse going on, including what those are.
He thought Bibles are, was full of. Well.
I, again, why would, why would Bob go out there and do that and, and,
and compromise his life.
Right. Let me tell you something.
After talking to him for three hours and then to have dinner with him the night
before my, I don't have, I don't,
I used to believe I had the best meter in the world, but as I've gotten older,
I've gotten more honest. And, uh, I, I don't,
I didn't see anything. He's,
he's incredibly smart guy and he's not a guy who's like seeking out attention
and he's not profiting from this and his demeanor and everything.
Jesus, he's like an accountant. He's a legitimate.
Scientist. Yeah. I mean, and I've talked to him, uh,
one of the things that I engaged him with when we had dinner,
we talked about science, just science in general.
And we talked about all sorts of different things. And, um,
and he's a scientist, he's a legit scientist. I've talked to a lot of them.
I know what kind of person he is. He's a, it just.
Hassled them again. There they read it as is, is nuclear. Isotope.
Has one 15. That's what they think. Wouldn't we all love to have that. Yeah.
That's what they think. That's some artists created that thing up there.
Element one 15 element.
Dean, indeed. Well, if you get a little sliver of that, that'd be,
it'd be pretty exciting.
Yeah.
Talked openly about it in the nineties that he had managed to weasel some away
from the area S four. And they think that he still has it. Yeah.
There was some experiments that he had done that, um,
George Knapp had actually filmed that it showed some really bizarre distortions
using this stuff. And then it was able to, it was, it was,
I got to remember exactly what it did that they show,
but they did some experience with like steam or smoke or something like that,
where they showed element one 15, emitting some sort of, um, vapor.
Well, no,
it was emitting some sort of a field where you literally couldn't physically
touch this stuff.